Watersort is a game with Bottles on a Board.
A Board contains minimum 3 and maximum 16 Bottles.
A Board uses a set of colors, depending on the amount of colors.
A Bottle contains minimum 2 and maximum 8 slots.
The amount of colors must be 2 or more.
Because a Board needs to be solvable, there can be maximum as many colors as corresponding solved bottles will be.
It is default but not necessary to have all Bottles with the same amount of slots.
Slots are ordered vertically.
A Slot may be filled with a Color, if it is not above an empty slot. Otherwise its an empty Slot.
The initial state of a Board has to be solvable.
A Solved Bottle contains only one Color in all slots.
You may only pour into a Bottle that has at least one empty slot.
You may pour onto an empty Bottle or onto a Bottle whose current top Color matches the Color being poured.
A pour moves a contiguous run of same-colored units from the top of the source Bottle.
A pour stops only when the destination Bottle is full or when the next unit in the source is a different Color.
Only moves that changes the board are counted and logged.
The total count of each Color is conserved across moves.
The puzzle is solved when every Bottle is either Empty or Solved.
Its possible to reset the current board to its initial state, including undos and hints.
Optionally allow undoing moves.
Optionally provide hints, which shows the next move for the quickest solve from the current state.

On a finished career game, the sequence of moves get stored, and is replaced when finished with an even shorter solution.
A seed is a 16-digit integer.
Given the same seed and board parameters, the same state has to be generated.
The career levels are the list of solvable boards generated from start seed 0, S+1 calculated by (S+1000000007) % (2^50).
The career levels increase difficulty every 5 levels until level 50.
Levels dividable by 25 are extra difficult (more bottles and slots per bottle).
Levels dividable by 100 have difficulty extreme.
Levels that end with -1 -3 -7 and -9 are easier (fewer bottles and slots per bottle).
These parameters (amount bottles, slots per bottle) must be reproducible (no sideeffects) given the level number.
Undos are unlimited in career levels, on extreme difficulty there is no Undo.
There is one hint per career level, on extreme difficulty there is none.